
# Meeting 2
#### Date: Friday February 2nd 2024
#### Location: H849
#### Attendees: Everyone was present.

#### Objectives:
- Decide on the technologies that will be used
- Assign roles and split the work
- Create a readme file

The technologies that we decided to use are React.js (framework), Material-UI/Bootstrap (UI Library) and Redux/Context API (state manangement) for frontend. For backend, we're thinking of using Node.js along with Express.js for the framework, MongoDB/PostgreSQL for database and JSON Web Tokens for authentification.

For the roles, we discussed the individual skills of each team member to have an idea of who would work on what. We were initially thinking of having 2 members on frontend, 2 members on backend and 2 members on database, but there was a general interest in separating the work in a way that allows the members to dabble with different skills. Instead we will prioritize making the user stories first and seperating the work once we have a better idea of the specific tasks at hand and their relative workload.

We created a readme file and filled it with the description of the project and the technologies that will be used. As a warmup to committing to the repository, members have been tasked to update the file with their names and IDs before the next meeting.

#### Next meeting:
- Everyone must experiment with GitHub commands by updating the readme file with their name and IDs
- Make user stories backlog (GitHub issues) and break down the functionalities into smaller tasks
- Assign story points to the user stories
